Duplicate images when an images comes with two sources for full image (etc, one .webp link and one .jpg link) It should filter  the other dupe (it should favor jpg unless webp is higher dimensions. 

Unless this introduces a lot of overhead, being able to view filtered images, at least in debugging (for now), would be nice, to see if the extension is behaving.

Dark mode (for both the window & Gallery.) Auto dedect system mode.


And a surfer mode, in this mode, a little download icon appear top right of each image, where you can click to download image. This is effective for scrolling websites like instagram where you may not want to save a whole page.

Where you select the modes: Perhaps two small icons next to "Preview unique matches first, then open the gallery only after confirmation." and under close/minimize/gear icons. Surfer=Click icon on image to save that image, this feature remains active even if you close extension window fully. Another icon and name for the normal mode (please call it something better than "normal").

disable lazy load scrolling, toggleable in settings. No other extension uses this and still finds images. I've seen some website use a placeholder image when the image isnt loaded because of lazyload. But, the source image link is still there.

Setting to disable floating icon.

Make Extension window moveable. Improve moveablility of the button as well. You can currently only move the button by hovering and clicking on the edges of the icon,  this is frustrating and i thought  i could not move it at first.

ZIP archive should be default to prevent accidental rapid downloads of 100s of images. Also warn user about this Individual Files option. Also add a confirmation window before downloading when over 30 images are selected + individual mode is on (Customizable with a setting, see below)

Add in settings, under Preferences, "display Confirmation window when total number of files is more than (When Download mode: Individual Files, is selected)" and there you can enter whichever number you want.

Also dont just expand settings menu downward and add scrolling. The settings menu dont need to be matched with the extensiuon window. Its a settings menu, not a theme park ride. Features over looks.
 
Warn user if total number of images exceed 500 regardless of settings. This prevents accidental downloads.

(under preferences) Add delay setting for server side image dedection and server side image download (rate limit) in ms.

Social media specific modes. Develop & code for specific website, starting with the most popular websites. To increase compatibility. 
